VIDEO-11220 - Fix dynamicImport (#1872)
twilio/twilio-video.js: CHANGELOG.md

  Unhandled Runtime Error: TypeError: null is not an object (evaluating 'el.paused')
  ```
- The LocalTrackOptions type definition now contains `logLevel` as an optional property. (VIDEO-10659)

> - Fixed an issue where the `import` keyword was throwing errors in webpack builds. (VIDEO-11220)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the `import` keyword was causing problems in webpack and typescript projects. (VIDEO-11220)
```
